There you are.
The forensic doctor went to fight with others before he recovered
Not a big problem.
I panicked when the bird plan was seen through
He didn't realize that I was holding on
We have now captured two cities by the rebels
You can rest for a while recently.
How is that possible?
Can't slack off yet
You forgot that this is Rocha
It is the territory of the imperial teacher
Why is it not good to rest now?
There are also like-minded
Nature can stay
If not
Let him go over there
What you think is beautiful
Unfortunately, this is impossible
Do you think Rakshasa spent 1,000 years
Create the Rakshasa Kingdom, a world of computer black and white
Can he allow you to live?
That's a big deal. We're in North County
It's a whole new country.
What the imperial teacher wants
It is a desire that makes him
A world where you can vent at will
And what did you do?
It is to guide the people of Rakshasa to learn to think
It is impossible for the country to accept
Why do you have to fight to the death?
It's not accurate.
But to kill you
There is no room for negotiation.
Then you are not allowed to go either
I can still delay it for ten days and a half months.
Don't take me for a vase
Just rest well.
OK
younger brother
I found you some herbs for internal injuries